---
layout: post
title: How to Analyze Your Clicks
category: manual
tags: help-manual analytics clicks
---

[DigitalGov Search](/index.html) > [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) > YourSite > Analytics > Clicks

The Clicks page shows what searchers clicked on from your search results, and the number of times each of those items was clicked during the selected date range. The current month is shown by default, and the date can be adjusted using the date selectors at the top of the page and re-generating the report.

Filtered data are available in the Admin Center from August 2014, unfiltered data are available for 13 months.

## Reading the Report Table

### Top URLs Clicked

The top 1,000 most clicked-on URLs from your results page for the selected time period, with the most popular first. URLs of equal popularity are listed in ***ABCXYZ - What?*** order. 

INSERT SCREENSHOT

### Download Details

You can download the raw click logs for any URL in the list. The CSV (comma separated values) file has one line for each time this URL was clicked. Details avialable include:

* *Date* and *Time* of the click,
* *Query*: The query they ran before clicking the search result,
* *Position*: Where in the results page was the result they clicked, e.g. **5** means the searcher clicked the fifth result in the list,
* *Request*: The clicked URL (It is embedded in the request URL. Look for the text following ‘u=’.) and its position on the page, 
* *Referrer*: The webpage the person was on when they ran the search, this column also includes the query, 
* *Vertical* and *Modules*: The modules loaded in response to the query (Our [Module Codes](/manual/module-codes.html) tip provides a key of the codes and names.),
* *Device*, *Browser*, and *OS*: The kind of device and browser they were using, and
* *Country Code* and *Region*: Where the user was, physically.
 
### # of Clicks

Select the hyperlinked number in the `# of Clicks` column to view the queries that led to a click for each URL (the **Click Queries** report).

INSERT DOUBLE WIDE SCREENSHOT WITH ARROW FROM A # OF CLICKS LINK TO THE CORRESPONDING CLICK QUERIES PAGE

If you click on a number in the `# of Clicks` column on the Click Queries page, you will see all the URLs that were clicked on from that query's results (the **Query Clicks** report). This is the same report you see when you follow a `# of Clicks` link from the [Queries page](/manual/queries.html).

INSERT DOUBLE WIDE SCREENSHOT WITH ARROW FROM A # OF CLICKS LINK TO THE CORRESPONDING QUERY CLICKS PAGE

You can loop through or drill down into this list for any set of clicks and queries.

---

***Did you know?*** The [Monthly Report](/manual/monthly-reports.html) gives a bird's-eye view of the number of [queries](/manual/queries.html) and clicks each month. The [Site Overview](/manual/site-overview.html) provides a snapshot of what has been happening on your site today.