---
layout: post
title: How to Analyze Your Clicks
category: manual
tags: help-manual analytics clicks
---

[Search.gov Home](/index.html) > [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) > YourSite > Analytics > Clicks

The Clicks page reports the pages that searchers clicked on from your search results pages, and the number of times each of those pages was clicked for the selected date range.

Data are shown for the present month-to-date by default. You can change the time period by using the date pickers at the top and re-generating the report.

You can toggle between filtered and unfiltered views of the data by clicking on the filter icon (<i class="icon-filter"></i>) in the top navigation bar. The filtered data represent our best effort to show you real searches performed by your site's visitors. The unfiltered data include nearly all searches and clicks, though still excluding known spiders such as Bingbot and Googlebot.

Data are available in the Admin Center for 13 months, currently from August 2014.

## Reading the Report Table

### Top URLs Clicked

The top 1,000 most clicked-on URLs from your results page for the selected time period, with the most popular first. 

### Download Details

You can download the raw click logs for any URL in the list. The CSV (comma separated values) file has one line for each time this URL was clicked. Details avialable include:

* *Date*
* *Time*
* *Query*
* Position : Shows where in the list of search results was the page that was clicked on. Ex: 1 means the searcher clicked on the first result in the list.
* *Request* : Shows the full query URL as it was sent from the search box.
* *Referrer* : Shows the page of your website the searcher was on when he or she ran the search.
* *Vertical* : Shows what results page tab the searcher was on when he or she ran the search (e.g., Everything, RSS news items, Images, Videos, etc.)
* *Modules* : Shows which index served the item the searcher clicked on, such as Web results, RSS items, tweets, etc. See also the [Key for Search Module Codes and Names](/manual/module-codes.html)
* *Device* : Shows the device the searcher was using. "Other" means either a desktop or laptop computer. 
* *Browser*
* *OS* : Shows what operating system the searcher was using. 
* *Country Code*
* *Region* : Region will most times show abbreviations for states. If you would like help locating an unfamiliar region code, [reach out to us](mailto:search@support.digitalgov.gov). 
* *Client IP*
* *User Agent* : Shows specific information about the computer being used
 
### # of Clicks

Select the hyperlinked number in the *# of Clicks* column to view the queries that led to the clicks on that URL (the **Queries Leading to a Click** report).

Note: If you click on a number in the # of Clicks column on the **Queries Leading to a Click** page, you will see all the URLs that were clicked on from that query's results (the Clicks from a Query report). This is the same report you see when you view the # of Clicks from the [Queries page](/manual/queries.html).

You can loop through or drill down into this list for any set of clicks and queries.

---

***Did you know?*** The [Monthly Report](/manual/monthly-reports.html) gives a bird's-eye view of the number of [queries](/manual/queries.html) and clicks each month. The [Site Overview](/manual/site-overview.html) provides a snapshot of what has been happening on your site on the current day.