---
permalink: /releases/2011-10-31.html
layout: post
title: "October 2011 Release Notes"
tags: releases 
---
<p><span></span>October wasn't scary for the USASearch team. We enhanced your ability to immediately add content to your search results. You can now tell us about a URL or RSS feed in the <a href="http://search.usa.gov/affiliates">Affiliate Center</a> and we will immediately index the content and display it on your results page.</p>
<p>Additionally, we now offer real-time reporting for your search queries in the Affiliate Center, allowing you to see your website's search activity throughout the day.</p>
<p><span>As a reminder, we divide our work into three categories:</span><span> </span></p>
<p>1) Features—Things that you actually notice;<br/>2) Chores—Back-end improvements that you don't notice; and<span><br/>3) Bugs—Fixes to any code issues that may arise.</span></p>
<p><strong>Features</strong></p>
<p><em>Features for Searchers</em></p>
<ul><li>Searchers see polished look and feel for results pages with RSS elements.</li>
<li>Searchers see option to filter results by last 24 hours, last week, and last month on results pages with RSS elements.</li>
<li>Searchers see option to remove all filters when no results are found for RSS results. </li>
<li>Searchers see indexed documents/pages from the USASearch index on results pages.</li>
<li><a href="http://m.usa.gov">m.USA.gov</a> visitors see new homepage options.</li>
<li><a href="http://m.usa.gov">m.USA.gov</a> visitors may click anywhere on row to select a homepage option.</li>
</ul><p><em>Features for Affiliate Center Users<br/></em></p>
<ul><li>Affiliate Center users may input RSS feeds.</li>
<li>Affiliate Center users see crawl information for USASearch crawler.</li>
<li>URLs added by Affiliate Center users and fetched by USASearch go into Add to Bing feed transparently.</li>
<li>Affiliate Center users may add URLs not in their domain list.</li>
<li>Affiliate Center users may bulk upload Best Bets in CSV format.</li>
<li>Affiliate Center users may view today's analytics data.</li>
</ul><p><strong>Chores</strong></p>
<ul><li>Report RSS feed processing errors.</li>
<li>Precede Bing logo with "Results by." </li>
<li>Searchers see attribution to USASearch Program in HTML code.</li>
<li>Ignore case when RSS feeds are busy or unavailable.</li>
<li>Update Affiliate Center navigation and text.</li>
<li>Implement near zero-downtime deployments.</li>
</ul><p><strong>Bugs</strong></p>
<ul><li>Add flag to determine whether older items from an RSS feed are ignored or processed.</li>
<li>Affiliate Center users using IE9 may cancel a delete request.</li>
<li>Publications does not stem to public(s).</li>
<li>Affiliate Center users may upload Atom RSS feeds.</li>
<li>Searchers don't see "!!!sep" after an Affiliate Center user deletes a row in a Best Bet.</li>
<li>RSS searches don't cause an error when the affiliate name is invalid.</li>
<li>Indexed document results highlight keywords.</li>
</ul>
