---
permalink: /releases/2012-01-31.html
layout: post
title: "January 2012 Release Notes"
tags: releases 
---
<p><span>As we start 2012, we </span><span>want to highlight two major, new features. </span></p>
<ol><li><span>Discovery Tag</span>—O<span>ur on-demand indexing engine allows you to automatically add content to your search index. You may make use of our on-demand indexing by placing our Discovery Tag (available on the Get Code page in the admin center) on your web pages.<br/> </span></li>
<li><span>Themes for results pages</span>—Our n<span>ew and improved theme-based results pages help you create a customized look and feel &#8220;out of the box.&#8221; You may view the themes by adding a new site in our admin center. We&#8217;re also in the process of migrating all customers into this new user interface.</span></li>
</ol><p>Below are the details for January and, as a reminder, we divide our work into three categories.</p>
<ol><li>Features—Things you actually notice.</li>
<li>Chores—Back-end improvements that you don’t notice.</li>
<li>Fixes—Fixes to any code issues that may arise.</li>
</ol><p><strong><em>Features</em></strong></p>
<p><em>For Searchers</em></p>
<ul><li>Searchers get better PDF result coverage in results.</li>
<li>Searchers only see indexed documents that belong to the site&#8217;s domain collection.</li>
<li>Searchers see MedlinePlus (health topics) and Enhanced Agency GovBoxes, when customers opt to display them via the admin center.</li>
<li>Searchers see nicer paging.</li>
<li>Searchers don&#8217;t see Indexed Document GovBox.</li>
<li>Searchers can see all Indexed Document results.</li>
<li>Searchers on template-based results pages see a nice, matching shaded header with rounded corners.</li>
<li>Mobile searchers see colors from selected theme.</li>
<li>Searchers see square fade on related searches and other modules.</li>
</ul><p><em>For Agency Customers</em></p>
<ul><li>Customers see new Domains page.</li>
<li>Customers have an easy way to pass multiple parameters.</li>
<li>By default, customers have a useful header on results pages during signup.</li>
<li>Customers may point at a dynamic sitemap generator for hosted sitemaps.</li>
<li>Customers may set up sites with keyword filtered results.</li>
<li>Customers see an updated left nav in the admin center.</li>
</ul>
<p><em><strong>Chores</strong></em> </p>
<ul><li>Migrated USA.gov&#8217;s  &#8220;enhanced results&#8221; Agency and MedlinePlus to GovBoxes.</li>
<li>Refactored search classes.</li>
<li>Removed website URL from the Add New Site wizard.</li>
<li>Shortened unique index for type-ahead suggestions.</li>
<li>Upgraded Solr from 1.4 to 3.5.</li>
<li>Changed timestamp indexing for Solr to use a trie on NewsItem model.</li>
<li>Modified stopword analysis to include Solr CommonGrams filtering.</li>
</ul><p><strong>Bug Fixes</strong></p>
<ul><li>Fixed Spanish translations for indexed documents.</li>
<li>Fixed display error when search results contain Bing matches and indexed documents.</li>
<li>Fixed error received by customers when migrating to themes. </li>
<li>Fixed RSS feed readers to handle 503 errors more gracefully.</li>
<li>Disabled ActiveRecord observers during database migrations.</li>
<li>Removed rule to allow customers to add top level domains (e.g., .gov and .mil) as site domains.</li>
<li>Fixed parsing of PDF files.</li>
<li>Fixed tests around Bing result counts.</li>
<li>Preserved newlines on virtual header/footer/css fields when updated via admin center.</li>
<li>Fixed doctype for nested PDF documents.</li>
<li>Fixed various problems around discovery of embedded PDFs.</li>
<li>Created error page for searchers when the search per-page query parameter is set to blank.</li>
<li>Fixed issue where hosted sitemaps still existed for domains with no indexed documents.</li>
<li>Weeded out indexed documents for anything that doesn&#8217;t work with URI.parse() method.</li>
<li>Handled race condition where duplicate id/content hash pair gets past Rails but is caught in MySQL.</li>
<li>Handled race condition where an IndexedDocument can&#8217;t be updated because another one was created.</li>
<li>Removed assumption that pages are PDF because the URL ends in &#8220;.pdf.&#8221; </li>
<li>Selected &#8220;Everything&#8221; on results page by default.</li>
<li>Removed body field from the CSV download of IndexedDocument URLs </li>
<li>Fixed infinite loop in PDF discovery and indexing.</li>
<li>Verified IndexedDocument URL length is &lt;= 2000 rather than accepting it and silently truncating it.</li>
<li>Used document body for documents with a blank meta description tag.</li>
</ul>
