---
permalink: /releases/2012-12-14.html
layout: post
title: "Search Notes for the Week Ending December 14, 2012"
tags: releases
---
<h2>Highlighted Feature</h2>
<p>Did you know that mobile search traffic increases during the holidays? </p>
<p>You can now <a href="/manual/header-footer.html#mobile">customize the header on your mobile search results page</a> to create a more seamless experience for visitors to your mobile website. Our new feature allows you to upload your mobile logo and specify a mobile homepage URL.</p>
<p>USASearch &gt; Admin Center &gt; YourSite &gt; Header and Footer</p>
<h2>Other Features</h2>
<ul><li>Searchers see Bing image results followed by results from your <a href="/manual/social-media.html">Flickr</a> photostream. (Example: search for images about <em>hurricane sandy</em> on <a href="http://search.usa.gov/search/images?affiliate=u.s.departmentoflabor&amp;m=false&amp;query=hurricane+sandy">DOL.gov</a>.)</li>
<li>Searchers can now sort RSS-based results (such as press releases, blogs, etc.) by date or relevance.</li>
<li>Searchers now only see tweets from up to three months ago.</li>
<li>Searchers now only see articles from up to one year ago in the News GovBox.</li>
<li>You can now exclude specific subdomains or folders from your search results on the Excluded Domains page in the Admin Center.</li>
<li>You can now segment the keywords for your text <a href="/manual/best-bets.html">Best Bets</a>.</li>
<li>You now see your domains listed in A-Z order on the <a href="/manual/domains.html">Domains</a> page in the Admin Center.</li>
<li>You now see your requested <a href="/manual/third-party.html">3rd Party Tracking</a> scripts in the Admin Center.</li>
<li>You can now access collection results via our <a href="/manual/api.html">API</a>.</li>
</ul><h2>Chores</h2>
<ul><li>We refined the rules of our fetcher to index only HTML pages with the <a href="/manual/get-code.html">USASearch Javascript tag</a> and any PDF or Microsoft Office documents linked from the tagged HTML page.</li>
<li>We automatically remove the repetitive @ if you include it as part of your Twitter handle on the <a href="/manual/social-media.html">Social Media</a> page in the Admin Center.</li>
<li>We automatically resize your mobile header image if it is too big.</li>
<li>We updated our Linux <a href="http://www.kernel.org/">kernels</a>, <a href="http://jenkins-ci.org/">Jenkins</a>, <a href="http://newrelic.com/">New Relic</a>, and lots of <a href="http://rubygems.org/">RubyGems</a>.</li>
</ul><h2>Fixes</h2>
<ul><li>Searchers can now set a custom date range even if type-ahead search is disabled on your results page.</li>
<li>Searchers no longer see inactive best bets as recommended pages in the type-ahead search.</li>
<li>Images no longer overlap on image search results pages.</li>
<li>We now show both queries and clicks in the analytics reports for customers with really long site handles.</li>
<li>We fixed a bug with how we recorded clicks for searches with apostrophes.</li>
<li>We show you an error message when you try to upload an improperly encoded URL  via the <a href="/manual/urls.html">URLs &amp; Sitemaps</a> page in the Admin Center.</li>
</ul>
