---
layout: post
title: January 2012 Release Notes
category: releases
tags: release-notes
---

As we start 2012, we want to highlight two major, new features. 

1. Discovery Tag: Our on-demand indexing engine allows you to automatically add content to your search index. You may make use of our on-demand indexing by placing our Discovery Tag (available on the Get Code page in the Admin Center) on your web pages.
1. Themes for results pages: Our new and improved theme-based results pages help you create a customized look and feel "out of the box." You may view the themes by adding a new site in our admin center. We're also in the process of migrating all customers into this new user interface.

Below are the details for January and, as a reminder, we divide our work into three categories.

1. Features: Things you actually notice.
1. Chores: Back-end improvements that you don't notice.
1. Fixes: Fixes to any code issues that may arise.


## Features for Searchers

* Searchers get better PDF result coverage in results.
* Searchers only see indexed documents that belong to the site's domain collection.
* Searchers see MedlinePlus (health topics) and Enhanced Agency GovBoxes, when customers opt to display them via the admin center.
* Searchers see nicer paging.
* Searchers don't see Indexed Document GovBox.
* Searchers can see all Indexed Document results.
* Searchers on template-based results pages see a nice, matching shaded header with rounded corners.
* Mobile searchers see colors from selected theme.
* Searchers see square fade on related searches and other modules.

## Features for Agency Customers

* Customers see new Domains page.
* Customers have an easy way to pass multiple parameters.
* By default, customers have a useful header on results pages during signup.
* Customers may point at a dynamic sitemap generator for hosted sitemaps.
* Customers may set up sites with keyword filtered results.
* Customers see an updated left nav in the admin center.

## Chores

* Migrated USA.gov's  "enhanced results" Agency and MedlinePlus to GovBoxes.
* Refactored search classes.
* Removed website URL from the Add New Site wizard.
* Shortened unique index for type-ahead suggestions.
* Upgraded Solr from 1.4 to 3.5.
* Changed timestamp indexing for Solr to use a trie on NewsItem model.
* Modified stopword analysis to include Solr CommonGrams filtering.

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed Spanish translations for indexed documents.
* Fixed display error when search results contain Bing matches and indexed documents.
* Fixed error received by customers when migrating to themes. 
* Fixed RSS feed readers to handle 503 errors more gracefully.
* Disabled ActiveRecord observers during database migrations.
* Removed rule to allow customers to add top level domains (e.g., .gov and .mil) as site domains.
* Fixed parsing of PDF files.
* Fixed tests around Bing result counts.
* Preserved newlines on virtual header/footer/css fields when updated via admin center.
* Fixed doctype for nested PDF documents.
* Fixed various problems around discovery of embedded PDFs.
* Created error page for searchers when the search per-page query parameter is set to blank.
* Fixed issue where hosted sitemaps still existed for domains with no indexed documents.
* Weeded out indexed documents for anything that doesn't work with URI.parse() method.
* Handled race condition where duplicate id/content hash pair gets past Rails but is caught in MySQL.
* Handled race condition where an IndexedDocument can't be updated because another one was created.
* Removed assumption that pages are PDF because the URL ends in ".pdf." 
* Selected "Everything" on results page by default.
* Removed body field from the CSV download of IndexedDocument URLs 
* Fixed infinite loop in PDF discovery and indexing.
* Verified IndexedDocument URL length is &lt;= 2000 rather than accepting it and silently truncating it.
* Used document body for documents with a blank meta description tag.