---
permalink: /releases/2012-02-29.html
layout: post
title: "February 2012 Release Notes"
tags: releases 
---
<div>
<p>February was an exciting month for the USASearch team. We rolled out a brand new look to emphasize our focus on helping you create a great search experience on your websites.</p>
<p>Our blog will now serve as our home page. It also will answer your questions about how our features work so be sure to browse through our <a href="http://usasearch.howto.gov/tagged/how-to">How To Manual</a> for tips on how to configure your search settings.</p>
Below are the release details for February and, as a reminder, we divide our work into three categories.<ol><li>Features—Things you actually notice.</li>
<li>Chores—Back-end improvements that you don’t notice.</li>
<li>Fixes—Fixes to any code issues that may arise.</li>
</ol><p><strong>Features</strong></p>
<p><em>For Searchers</em></p>
<ul><li>Searchers don&#8217;t see narrow by date on Everything or Images pages (i.e., on Bing-based results pages).</li>
<li>Searchers see a longer search box on the results page.</li>
<li>Searchers see near-real-time <a href="http://usasearch.howto.gov/tagged/type-ahead">type-ahead</a> suggestions.</li>
<li>Searchers see a custom header image on results pages.</li>
<li>Searchers may narrow results by <a href="http://usasearch.howto.gov/tagged/collections">collections</a> in left nav.</li>
<li>Searchers see a Results by USASearch logo.</li>
<li>Mobile visitors can find more <a href="http://www.usa.gov/gobiernousa">GobiernoUSA.gov</a> pages.</li>
</ul><p><em>For Agency Customers</em></p>
<ul><li>Customers see new Add New Site wizard.</li>
<li>Customers see raw and processed query analytics in downloaded CSV files.</li>
<li>Customers with legacy results pages can preview template-based results pages.</li>
<li>Customers have an Export to CSV option for indexed URLs.</li>
<li>Customers see updated Look &amp; Feel and Header &amp; Footer pages.</li>
</ul><p><strong>Chores</strong></p>
<ul><li>Fix Sunspot library to remove orphans.</li>
<li>Adjust default CSS for theme-based templates.</li>
<li>Move customers with legacy templates and without header/footer to theme-based templates.</li>
<li>Allow assignment of priorities to background (Resque) jobs.</li>
<li>Set default index to Bing + USASearch.</li>
</ul><p><strong>Fixes</strong></p>
<ul><li>Fix occasional errors highlighting phrases.</li>
<li>Fix layout on theme-based templates.</li>
<li>Fix URL prefixes with trailing spaces to not append slash.</li>
<li>Update error message when customers upload a .txt file.</li>
<li>Fix images to have same results page title as other verticals.</li>
<li>Automatically down case terms in site handle field.</li>
<li>Fix bug where the header image filename was getting longer and longer when saving.</li>
<li>Fix Agency GovBox to point to new USA.gov results page.</li>
</ul></div>
