---
permalink: /releases/2012-03-31.html
layout: post
title: "March 2012 Release Notes"
tags: releases
---
<div>
<p>We've moved! Our homepage is now <a href="http://usasearch.howto.gov"><a href="http://usasearch.howto.gov">http://usasearch.howto.gov</a></a>.</p>
<p><a href="http://www.howto.gov">HowTo.gov</a> is a website to help government workers deliver a better customer experience to citizens. HowTo.gov is managed by <a href="http://www.gsa.gov/portal/category/25729">GSA’s Office of Citizen Services and Innovative Technologies</a> and the <a href="http://www.howto.gov/communities/federal-web-managers-council">Federal Web Managers Council</a>, and is supported by other communities of practice. Search is an important aspect of customer experience so we're happy be part of HowTo.gov.</p>
<p>Below are the release details for March and, as a reminder, we divide our work into three categories.</p>
<ol><li>Features—Things you actually notice.</li>
<li>Chores—Back-end improvements that you don’t notice.</li>
<li>Fixes—Fixes to any code issues that may arise.</li>
</ol><p><strong>Features</strong></p>
<p><em>For Agency Customers</em></p>
<ul><li>Customers can add an optional header for the <a href="/manual/sidebar.html">sidebar</a> options on the results page.</li>
<li>Customers can add <a href="/manual/header-footer.html">header and footer navigation</a> on the results page by entering label and URL pairs.</li>
<li>Customer can toggle display of RSS feeds as a <a href="/manual/results-modules.html">GovBox</a>.</li>
<li>Customers who enter a <a href="/manual/social-media.html">YouTube</a> handle automatically have a RSS feed created for their videos.</li>
<li>Customers see new <a href="/manual/sidebar.html">Sidebar</a> and <a href="/manual/results-modules.html">Results Modules</a> pages in the Admin Center.</li>
<li>Customers see <a href="/manual/page-views.html">Page Views</a> page in the Admin Center to provide usage data on results page.</li>
<li>Customers are redirected from old URLs to new usasearch.howto.gov URLs.</li>
<li>Customers can access feature-specific help via the Admin Center.</li>
</ul><p><em>For Searchers</em></p>
<ul><li>Searchers see results from RSS feeds in a GovBox.</li>
<li>Searchers see logical links for image results.</li>
<li>Searchers see a GovBox for videos with a multimedia-friendly UI.</li>
<li>Searchers who don't enter a query term on RSS-based results pages see results in reverse chronological order.</li>
<li>Searchers see results from all time when they click on RSS GovBox titles.</li>
<li>Searchers who modify their query (but don't execute it) see results for their new query term when they click on a sidebar option.</li>
<li>Searchers see plain language text on the Spanish-language no results found page.</li>
</ul><p><strong>Chores</strong></p>
<ul><li>Revised the on-page Admin Center help text.</li>
<li>Increased speed of returning search results, especially for RSS feeds.</li>
<li>Implemented Spanish stop words.</li>
</ul><p><strong>Fixes</strong></p>
<ul><li>No error page seen when searching across RSS feeds.</li>
<li>No error page seen when accessing RSS- or collection-based results pages from a mobile device.</li>
<li>Increased font size for title of RSS GovBox.</li>
<li>Fixed link so that clicking on Images on the results page stays within that site.</li>
<li>Improved handling of fetching HTML content for slower customer websites.</li>
<li>Removed ability to enter enter CSS or JavaScript tags in the managed header or footer fields.</li>
<li>Fixed Push Changes to trigger an email with header and footer changes.</li>
</ul></div>
