---
layout: post
title: May 2012 Release Notes
category: releases
tags: release-notes
---

## Features (things you actually notice)

* When you add a new site, we'll proactively index content that we find on your home page, including RSS feeds, favicons, and social media handles. This will streamline the process of adding a site and make it easier than ever to leverage our features.
* Searchers see a magnifying glass icon for the search button.
* Searchers don't see "Everything" in the sidebar when it is the only option.
* Searchers don't see redundant information in the description snippets.
* Searchers see only recently discovered URLs in the new URLs GovBox.
* Customers can opt to display the new URLs GovBox on the Results Modules page in the Admin Center.
* Customers see their site ID on the Site Information page.
* Customers can see what content is indexed for their feeds from the RSS page.
* Customers who have input their Twitter handle(s) have their tweets indexed.
* Customers receive periodic emails about unused features.
* You can now change the order of the sidebar options that appear on your results page, regardless of source.
* You can now leverage our discovery tag over https.
* Beginning on June 1, you won't have to log in to see your search analytics. We'll deliver a report directly to your inbox each month. Plus, it will be easier to share the data with your colleagues.
Searchers see video results from YouTube playlists.
* Searchers see a recent tweet when it matches their query.
* Mobile visitors to m.USA.gov see unique page titles in browser.
* When customers add or modify a [domain]((/manual/domains.html), their pages are automatically discovered.
* Customers have a free form text box (versus a drop-down menu) to enter related sites on the Results Modules page.
* Searchers see an improved user interface for faceted navigation in sidebar.

## Fixes (fixes to any bugs that may arise)

* RSS feed parser now looks for atomUpdated.
* We fixed the layout of deep links.
* We now fetch RSS feed entries without guid.
* Searchers can tab to a link to skip to the main content. (Thanks, USCIS, for pointing this out.)
* Searchers see up to 20 videos per page when searching for more videos from the GovBox.

## Chores (back-end improvements that you don't notice)

* Admins can generate system reports based on selected features.