---
layout: post
title: January 2013 Release Notes
category: releases
tags: release-notes
---

## Highlighted Feature: Jobs GovBox

We're excited to announce that searchers looking for jobs on your site can now see all of your agency's current job openings.

Our new [Job Openings GovBox](/manual/govbox-jobs.html) displays up to three location- and keyword-matched job openings on your results page. For more information on how to turn on this GovBox, see [How To Select The Modules That Appear On Your Results Page](/manual/display-overview.html).

We've open sourced all of the code that powers our [Jobs Server API](https://github.com/GSA/jobs_api) in Github.

We analyzed data on jobs-related searches to ensure that the new federal [Jobs GovBox](/manual/govbox-jobs.html) lists the most relevant job openings.

Searchers can now effectively search for jobs by keyword, agency, state, or work schedule (part-or full-time).

We also focused on not showing the Jobs GovBox when it isn't relevant (for example, it is no longer shown when searchers look for job safety posters or employment verification forms).

## Chores

* We added our posting channel ID to all USAJobs links.
* We set up a cron job to fetch and process job files from USAJobs.
* We added impression and click tracking for the Jobs GovBox module.
* We resolved performance discrepancy between our [two datacenters](/releases/october-2012.html).
* We no longer use XML sitemaps to add documents to our web index.

## Fixes

* You can now delete keywords from text best bets.
* Newly added misspellings are now being applied to type-ahead suggestions.
* Searchers can now find jobs in non-standard state locations (for example someone searching for jobs in Washington, DC, will find postings the the location of Washington DC Metro Area, District of Columbia).
* We've already pushed two bug fixes for the Jobs GovBox to production. Searchers no longer see yet-to-be-opened or already closed jobs.