---
layout: post
title: How to Brand Your Results Page
category: manual
tags: how-to manage-display font colors header footer
---

[DigitalGov Search](/index.html) > [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) > YourSite > Manage Display

Our search results page uses a [responsive design](http://alistapart.com/topic/responsive-design){% external_link %} to ensure it is optimized for searchers anywhere, anytime, and on any device. 

To customize your search results page and match your site's brand:

1. Define your color scheme on the Fonts & Colors page.
1. Upload your logo on the Image Assets page. (We'll also link your logo to your homepage using the homepage URL you provide on the [Settings](/manual/settings.html) page.)
1. Add your navigation links on the Header & Footer page.

## Font & Colors

**Font Family.** Leave the default font as-is, or select your preferred font family.

**Color Scheme.** Leave the default color scheme as-is, or select Custom to create a customized scheme. Customize the color of any page element by clicking on it and entering a valid three- or six-digit hex value. You can also pick a color by dragging your mouse inside the color picker window.

## Image Assets

**Favicon.** Provide the URL for your agency's favicon. (A [favicon](http://webdesign.about.com/od/favicon/f/blfaqfavicon1.htm){% external_link %}, short for favorites icon, is the small image associated with your website.)

**Logo.** Use the Choose File option to upload the logo that you'd like to appear in the header of your results page. Click on the option, Mark Logo for Deletion, to delete an uploaded logo. The optimal size is 100x50 pixels (100 pixels wide and 50 pixels high).

If you don't upload a logo, searchers will simply see the header, *Your Site Name*. We'll use the site name you provide on the [Settings](/manual/settings.html) page.

## Header & Footer

Fill out the titles and URLs for the navigation links you'd like to appear in your header and footer. Use the icon with three horizontal lines on the left to change the order.

---

***Did you know?*** As you change each font and color option, the mini search results page in the upper right-hand corner will update to reflect your changes. Once you click save, the changes will appear on your live site.

***Did you know?*** We offer results through our [Search Data API](/manual/api.html), if you'd like to create mash-ups or have complete control of the look and feel of your search results pages. You can access the API by clicking on the Activate Search option in the left-hand menu in the Admin Center.
