---
layout: post
title: How to Analyze Your Queries
category: manual
tags: how-to analytics queries
---

[DigitalGov Search](/index.html) > [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) > YourSite > Analytics > Queries

The Queries page reports on the number of times a search query (that is, a word or string of words) was entered in the search box on your site by a unique searcher.

Data are shown for the present month-to-date by default. You can change the time period by selecting a different month or year and re-generating the report.

Data start from the time your agency started using our service (but no further back than 2009).

## Top Queries

***Top 1,000.*** You'll see a list, in frequency order, of top 1,000 most popular queries for your selected time period. 

***Top 1,000 by query.*** Enter any specific term or phrase into the Query search box. Re-generate the report to see the top 1,000 queries that contain that term or phrase and its stemmed equivalents. 

For example, below are the top 10 queries related to *housing* on USA.gov in August 2013.

1. house of representatives
2. housing
3. speaker of the house
4. white house
5. house minority leader
6. housing assistance
7. house majority leader
8. speaker of the house 2013
9. the white house
10. houses

## Download Details

You can download a detailed CSV (comma separated values) file for any search term. There's one line for each time this query was run. This CSV file gives you access to the raw search logs, including:

* The date and time of the query,
* The query (It is embedded in the request URL. Look for the text following ‘query=’.), 
* Where the person was when they ran the search, 
* The modules loaded in response to the query (Our [Module Codes](/manual/module-codes.html) tip provides a key of the codes and names.), and
* The kind of device and browser they were using.
 
## Query Clicks & Click Queries

Select the hyperlinked number in the # of Queries column to view the top clicked URLs for each query.

If you click on the first-listed *house of representatives* in the example above, you'll see that the top URLs clicked for that query are:

1. www.house.gov
2. www.house.gov/representatives
3. www.house.gov/representatives/find

From this list of clicked URLs, you'll be able select the hyperlinked number in the # of Clicks column to view the top queries that led to a click for each URL.

If you click on the first-listed *www.house.gov* in the example above, you'll see that the top queries leading to a click on that URL are:

1. house of representatives
2. congress
3. congress members
4. congress representatives

You can loop through or drill down into this list for any set of clicks and queries.

---

***Did you know?*** The [Monthly Report](/manual/monthly-reports.html) gives a bird's-eye view of the number of queries and [clicks](/manual/clicks.html) each month. The [Site Overview](/manual/site-overview.html) provides a snapshot of what has been happening on your site in the past day or so.