---
layout: post
title: How to Work with i14y Drawers
category: manual
tags: "help-manual manage-content i14y"
published: true
---

[DigitalGov Search](/index.html) > [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) > YourSite > Manage Content > i14y Drawers

An [i14y](/developer/i14y.html) Drawer is an index receiving content via the i14y API. We've called them **Drawers** because, like drawers in a filing cabinet, multiple indexes can be included in a single configuration to scope the entirety of a site’s search.

## Step 1. Make sure your site is connected to i14y

If your site Admin Center has the following page: [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) > YourSite > Manage Content > i14y Drawers, your site is connected to i14y. If you don't see this page in the Admin Center, [email us](mailto:search@support.digitalgov.gov). You can also read about [Getting Started with i14y](/developer/i4y.html).

## Step 2. Add one or more Drawers
On [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) > YourSite > Manage Content > i14y Drawers, Click `Add i14y Drawer` in the upper right corner. If you have more than one website that will be sending content, add a separate Drawer for each of these sites.

### Handle

Let us know what the handle for your drawer should be - the handle must be all lowercase alphanumeric, all one word, and can include underscores but no other special characters (e.g., agency_drawer_handle2).

The Drawer *Description* is optional

## Step 3. Send Content to Fill your Drawer

After you have created your Drawer(s), click `Show` from the i14y Drawers list to find that Drawer’s secret API key. Use this secret key with your drawer handle in your API call or your CMS module to [send your content to the right place](http://gsa.github.io/slate/#authentication).

## Step 4. Review your Index

You can view the number of documents indexed for each drawer on the main i14y Drawers list. We also send success and / or failure codes in response to your API call, so if the number of documents in our index doesn’t match what you sent, check those response codes. 
