---
layout: post
title: February 2012 Release Notes
category: releases
tags: release-notes
---

February was an exciting month for us. We rolled out a brand new look to emphasize our focus on helping you create a great search experience on your websites.

Our blog will now serve as our home page. It also will answer your questions about how our features work so be sure to browse through our [Help Manual](/tagged/help-manual) for tips on how to configure your search settings.

Below are the release details for February and, as a reminder, we divide our work into three categories.

1. Features: Things you actually notice.
1. Chores: Back-end improvements that you don't notice.
1. Fixes: Fixes to any code issues that may arise.

## Features for Searchers

* Searchers don't see narrow by date on Everything or Images pages (i.e., on Bing-based results pages).
* Searchers see a longer search box on the results page.
* Searchers see near-real-time [type-ahead](/tagged/type-ahead) suggestions.
* Searchers see a custom header image on results pages.
* Searchers may narrow results by [collections](/tagged/collections) in left nav.
* Searchers see a Results by DigitalGov Search logo.
* Mobile visitors can find more [GobiernoUSA.gov](https://www.usa.gov/gobiernousa) pages.

## Features for Agency Customers

* Customers see new Add New Site wizard.
* Customers see raw and processed query analytics in downloaded CSV files.
* Customers with legacy results pages can preview template-based results pages.
* Customers have an Export to CSV option for indexed URLs.
* Customers see updated Look &amp; Feel and Header &amp; Footer pages.

## Chores

* Fix Sunspot library to remove orphans.
* Adjust default CSS for theme-based templates.
* Move customers with legacy templates and without header/footer to theme-based templates.
* Allow assignment of priorities to background (Resque) jobs.
* Set default index to Bing + DigitalGov Search.

## Fixes

* Fix occasional errors highlighting phrases.
* Fix layout on theme-based templates.
* Fix URL prefixes with trailing spaces to not append slash.
* Update error message when customers upload a .txt file.
* Fix images to have same results page title as other verticals.
* Automatically down case terms in site handle field.
* Fix bug where the header image filename was getting longer and longer when saving.
* Fix Agency GovBox to point to new USA.gov results page.