---
layout: post
title: i14y API
category: developer
tags: i14y api
---

[DigitalGov Search](/index.html) > [APIs for Developers](/developer/index.html) > i14y Beta API FAQ

Our i14y API allows you to send content directly from your content management system (CMS) into our search system for real-time indexing. 

Here are some of the Frequently Asked Questions:

##General i14y Questions

  <li><a href="#what">What is i14y?</a>
  <li><a href="#why">Why would I use i14y?</a>
  <li><a href="#where">Where is the documentation?</a>
  <li><a href="#cms">What if I don't have a CMS?</a>
  <li><a href="#signup">How do I sign up?</a>
  <li><a href="#beta">What do you mean by beta?</a>

##i14y Beta Questions

  <li><a href="#drupal">Is there a Drupal module?</a>
  <li><a href="#other-cms">Will you support other CMS?</a>
  <li><a href="#work">How does it work?</a>
  <li><a href="#clone">Why have you cloned my site?</a>
  <li><a href="#token">What is a secret token?</a>
  <li><a href="#drawer">What is a drawer?</a>
  <li><a href="#metadata">Can I send my metadata?</a>
  <li><a href="#display">Can I control the display of my content?</a>
  <li><a href="#support">How do I get support or give feedback?</a>
  <li><a href="#meaning">How does i14y mean?</a>


<a name="what"></a>

## What is i14y?

Our i14y API allows you to send content directly from your content management system (CMS) into DigitalGov Search for real-time indexing. By hooking into your CMS workflow, you can immediately create, update, and delete the associated documents in our search indexes via this API.

<a name="why"></a>

## Why would I use i14y?

By a long shot, the two features we get asked for most are:

1. Immediate inclusion of new or updated content in search results.
2. Control over which documents are (or are not) in your search index.

i14y answers both of these requests.

<a name="where"></a>

## Where is the documentation?

You may find the documentation here:

http://gsa.github.io/slate/

<a name="cms"></a>

## What if I don't have a CMS?

Even if you don’t have a CMS, you can develop an API of your content that meets the i14y specs and send it to us. Using the i14y API is optional. The rest of our service offering will continue as-is, providing the default web results from commercial indexes.

<a name="signup"></a>

##How do I sign up?

If you want to participate in the beta program, you must proactively let us know. We have to setup a cloned site for with the flag for i14y content enabled. 

<a name="beta"></a>

##What do you mean by beta?

Beta, to us, means that we have software that works, but we need some of our customers to test it out and provide feedback before we roll it out to our entire user base.

We also don't have all of our features developed. Tasks such as reporting about your content in the Admin Center is not yet available.

<a name="drupal"></a>

## Is there a Drupal module?

Um, sort of? Alpha is a strong word for it. It is not plug and play and definitely for power users. But, if you are up for it and interested in helping / working on the module, you may fork it here:

https://github.com/grasmash/drupal-usasearch/tree/content-api

Special thanks to Matt Grasmick for bringing the module this far.

<a name="other-cms"></a>

## Will you support other CMS?

Yes that is our plan. We know many of you use other CMS systems including but not limited to GitHub Pages, Joomla, Percussion, Sharepoint, and Wordpress. We plan develop specific hooks as demand warrants. If you use one of these CMS systems and want to help develop deeper integration with a specific CMS, please let us know.

<a name="work"></a>

##How does i14y work?

i14y is a single document "listener." You will send us one JSON document at a time which enables you to schedule / determine the best way to send your documents to us.

<a name="clone"></a>

##Why have you cloned my site?

We decided to clone your site to keep your i14y content testing separate from your live site. When you are satisfied with the progress we can either move the drawer for you or you can re-send the content to your live site when ready.

<a name="token"></a>

##What is the secret token?

The secret token allows you to write and delete content directly to our i14y indexes. It is important that you do not share it, and this token differs from our current Search API (Display) key.

<a name="drawer"></a>

##What is a drawer?

A drawer is where your content is stored in our system. We used this approach to offer the concept of shareable content. With your drawers, you will have the ability to share them  with other DigitalGov Search sites. For example, if the General Services Administration (GSA) wanted to search across all GSA search sites, they may chose to show all GSA related drawers as part of their search results.

<a name="metadata"></a>

##Can I send my metadata?

Down the road, we plan to offer support for your metadata, but we don't want to over promise support for it in the near term. As part of the beta, we are solely focused on ensuring that our content processing features work well enough to roll it out to our entire customer base. 

<a name="display"></a>

##Can I control the display of my content?

i14y only focuses on the indexing and updating of your content. 

<a name="support"></a>

##How do I get support or give feedback?

Just use our standard support email <search@support.digitalgov.gov>. We will be adding  easier ways to submit feedback from within the Admin Center shortly.

<a name="meaning"></a>

## What does i14y mean?

Nerd Quiz: Can you figure out the two possible meanings of i14y? Hint: one is hacker speak, one is patriotic. 

Tell us if you figure it out! <search@support.digitalgov.gov>.

## Terms of Use

By accessing the i14y API, you agree to [USA.gov's Terms of Service for Developer Resources](http://www.usa.gov/About/developer-resources/terms-of-service.shtml).
