---
layout: post
title: How to Mask Your Domain
category: manual
tags: help-manual activate-search cname 
---

We offer DNS masking, which allows you to show searchers search.YOURSITE.gov (instead of search.USA.gov). Follow these steps to mask your domain.

1. Create a CNAME in your external DNS records for `search.yoursite.gov`. Point it to `yoursitehandle.sites.infr.search.usa.gov`. Your site handle is listed on the [settings page](http://search.digitalgov.gov/manual/settings.html) in the Search Admin Center.

	NOTE: if your site handle contains a `.`, please replace it with a `-` in your DNS record,  e.g., for site handle `yoursite.gov.search` the DNS record would look like this:

		search.yoursite.gov   CNAME  yoursite-gov-search.sites.infr.search.usa.gov
  
  	To use a CNAME with `HTTPS`, you will need to contact us after your DNS records have been updated in order to be added to our SSL certificate.
  
2. When the setup is complete, change your search box's [form code](/manual/code.html) action from `search.usa.gov/search` to `search.yoursite.gov/search`.

Your domain mask will work as soon as this DNS update is complete. 

---

***Troubleshooting tip:*** Many agencies have both internal and external DNS. Be
sure to update your *external* DNS records (step 1) before changing your form code (step 2).

***Did you know?*** Any search site within your domain may use the same domain mask and CNAME record, even if the CNAME is not associated with that particular site's handle. To implement an existing mask for a search box, just do Step 2, above.

***Did you know?*** Once the CNAME is set up, if visitors to your site happen to truncate the URL in the browser bar to http://search.yoursite.gov (without any parameters), they're automatically redirected to your homepage at http://www.yoursite.gov. 

***Did you know?*** Most of our customers use a mask like `search.yoursite.gov` (such as search.nih.gov). If the `search` subdomain is already used by another application, you can use `find` or `findit`, such as `find.irs.gov` or `findit.state.gov`. We no longer support other subdomain patterns.

