---
layout: post
title: April 2017 Release Notes
category: releases
tags: release-notes
---

## Highlights

* We deactivate user accounts for customers who are no longer at their agency, do not have a search site set up, have never verified their email, or have not logged in to their account for more than a year. Previously, deactivated users who attempted to log-in to our system and/or reset their passwords were redirected to the USA.gov homepage. Now, deactivated users see a message, alerting them to contact our team.
* We hosted a webinar covering the current ways that customers can directly index their content with our service: via [Supplemental RSS feed](/manual/domains-advanced.html), [i14y API](/developer/i14y.html) or via the [Drupal module](https://www.drupal.org/project/usasearch) that connects with our API. We’ll post the recording in the [Training](/manual/training.html) section of our website as soon as it is available.

## Chores

* Our developer team began a sprint investigating the best way to get customer content into our own indexes. There are several advantages to using our own indexes: 
  * Customers can have complete control over what content is included in their search results.
  * Customers don’t need to rely on results from commercial indexes, which can be out of date or have unpredictable titles/descriptions. 


## Fixes

* Our [Jobs API](/developer/jobs.html) was briefly offline on Thursday, April 27th (from approximately 4:50 pm - 5:40 pm). A DNS update made by another program in our division caused the outage, which was immediately caught by our alerting system and rectified.
