---
layout: post
title: May 2018 Release Notes
category: releases
tags: release-notes
---

## Highlights
* We continue to make good progress towards our indexing system, and continues to be highly focused on the back end of our system. See below for more details.

## Chores
* We created back-end interfaces allowing the Search.gov team to manage indexed domains & urls.
* We added a delay method to `SearchGov Domain`, to honor the crawl delay settings in a given site’s `robots.txt` file. 
* We created a `SearchGov Domain Indexer` job that will enqueue urls in need of fetching, to allow bulk indexing tasks to be automated without overloading anyone’s servers, and we added support for `resque-scheduler` to our configuration baseline.
* We set the sitemap indexer to reject urls from other domains to avoid erroneous attempts to index content from beta sites, old domains, etc. 
* We now check the protocol of a domain, and whether the site is responding to us. We also set our url fetcher to throw an error if the domain is unavailable or blocking our indexer.
* We re-indexed the searchgov indices.
* We upgraded mySQL in demo environments, and streamlined the scenario data for our test suite.

## Bug Fixes
* We fixed bug that sent searchers back to page 1 results when changing the time scope in a Collection search.
* We mitigated SSL certificate problems with some sites.
* We made our redirection check more strict to avoid filling our database and indexes with domains and web pages that don’t need to be searchable.
